Deprecate "eauto @int_or_var @int_or_var", add "bfs eauto" (#13381)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/04-tactics/13381-bfs_eauto.rst

- **Deprecated:**

>   "eauto @int_or_var @int_or_var" in favor of new "bfs eauto".
>   Also deprecated 2-integer option for "debug eauto" and "info_eauto";

Reviewer: Slight improvement to the changelog entry:

```suggestion
  Undocumented :n:`eauto @int_or_var @int_or_var` syntax in favor of new ``bfs eauto``.
  Also deprecated 2-integer syntax for ``debug eauto`` and ``info_eauto``;
```
